Add information re wcag.json (#1287)
w3c/wai-website: pages/standards-guidelines/wcag/index.md

WCAG 2.0, WCAG 2.1, and WCAG 2.2 are all existing standards. WCAG 2.2 does not deprecate or supersede WCAG 2.1, and WCAG 2.1 does not deprecate or supersede WCAG 2.0. W3C encourages you to use the most recent version of WCAG.

## Machine readable versions

We maintain JSON versions of WCAG 2.1 and 2.2. The files include content and links for principles, guidelines, success criteria, techniques, and glossary terms in a hierarchical structure. These are updated monthly to ensure they align with the latest published version of the recommendation and related supporting materials.

* [WCAG 2.1 JSON](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/wcag.json)
* [WCAG 2.2 JSON](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/wcag.json)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The JSON versions are governed by the legal framework of the WCAG standards, including W3C [liability](https://www.w3.org/policies/#Legal_Disclaimer), [trademark](https://www.w3.org/policies/#W3C_Trademarks) and [document use](https://www.w3.org/copyright/document-license/).
```

Since the JSON files do not include the legal information displayed in the documents on TR space, I suggest to clarify this in a new paragraph.

Reviewer 2: I am wondering if a considerable amount of the legal disclaimer prose doesn't make as much sense for JSON resources (that do not themselves contain the legal disclaimer)?

Also, related to this:

> No material may be modified, edited or taken out of context such that its use creates a false or misleading statement or impression as to the positions, statements or actions of W3C.

In our last meeting we were also wondering if it would make sense to include remarks to the effect of making it very clear what information is coming from the WCAG data, vs. what data is added outside of it.

Authorized Translations and unofficial translations of WCAG 2 are listed in [[WCAG 2 Translations]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/translations/).

> ## WCAG 2 is ISO/IEC 40500 {#iso}

Author: Oi! Get yer own PR ;)

**W3C submitted WCAG 2.2 to ISO.** We expect it to be finalized through the ISO process by Q3 (August, September, October) 2025.

**WCAG 2.0** is approved as an ISO standard: ISO/IEC 40500:2012. ISO/IEC 40500 is exactly the same as the original WCAG 2.0, which is introduced above along with supporting resources.

The content of ISO/IEC 40500 is freely available from [www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/); it is available for purchase from the [ISO catalogue {% include_cached external.html %}](https://www.iso.org/standard/58625.html).

Benefits of WCAG 2.0 as an ISO standard are summarized in [ISO in the FAQ](/standards-guidelines/wcag/faq/#iso). More information on W3C and the ISO process is in the [W3C PAS FAQ](https://www.w3.org/2010/04/pasfaq).

## JSON machine-readable files

> The WCAG JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) files include the principles, guidelines, success criteria, and glossary terms from the WCAG standard ('W3C Recommendation') and the WCAG Techniques. These JSON files are updated monthly.

Author: ```suggestion
The WCAG JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) files include the principles, guidelines, success criteria, and glossary terms from WCAG and the supporting Techniques. These JSON files are updated monthly.
```

Authorized Translations and unofficial translations of WCAG 2 are listed in [[WCAG 2 Translations]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/translations/).

## WCAG 2 is ISO/IEC 40500 {#iso}

**W3C submitted WCAG 2.2 to ISO.** We expect it to be finalized through the ISO process by Q3 (August, September, October) 2025.

**WCAG 2.0** is approved as an ISO standard: ISO/IEC 40500:2012. ISO/IEC 40500 is exactly the same as the original WCAG 2.0, which is introduced above along with supporting resources.

The content of ISO/IEC 40500 is freely available from [www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/); it is available for purchase from the [ISO catalogue {% include_cached external.html %}](https://www.iso.org/standard/58625.html).

Benefits of WCAG 2.0 as an ISO standard are summarized in [ISO in the FAQ](/standards-guidelines/wcag/faq/#iso). More information on W3C and the ISO process is in the [W3C PAS FAQ](https://www.w3.org/2010/04/pasfaq).

## JSON machine-readable files

The WCAG JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) files include the principles, guidelines, success criteria, and glossary terms from WCAG and the supporting Techniques. These JSON files are updated monthly.

> * [WCAG 2.1 JSON](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/wcag.json)
> * [WCAG 2.2 JSON](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/wcag.json)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [WCAG 2.2 JSON](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/wcag.json)
* [WCAG 2.1 JSON](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/wcag.json)
```

putting latest on top as ideally that's  what most people use

> For a history of structural changes to the JSON files, see the [list of merged `wcag.json` pull requests](https://github.com/w3c/wcag/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3Awcag.json), and in particular the "`wcag.json` Changes" section within each pull request's description.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For a history of structural changes to the JSON files, see the [list of merged `wcag.json` pull requests](https://github.com/w3c/wcag/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3Awcag.json), and in particular the "`wcag.json` Changes" section within each pull request description.
```

### Permission to use with attribution

You may use this data provided you:

* Clearly attribute the original source and include a link to it ([Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/),  [Techniques for WCAG 2.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Techniques/), [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/), [Techniques for WCAG 2.1](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/))
* Do not change the content

> If you include additional information, it must be clear what is from the WCAG material.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you include additional information, it must be clear what is from the W3C WCAG documents and what is added.
```

Authorized Translations and unofficial translations of WCAG 2 are listed in [[WCAG 2 Translations]](/standards-guidelines/wcag/translations/).

## WCAG 2 is ISO/IEC 40500 {#iso}

> **W3C submitted WCAG 2.2 to ISO.** We expect it to be finalized through the ISO process by Q3 (August, September, October) 2025.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**W3C submitted WCAG 2.2 to ISO.** We expect it to be finalized through the ISO process in October 2025.
```
